That is quite a short section.
But as I said before, it's not a big part of the exam, but it is worth understanding at a high level
these services.
You need to know the use cases so that if you get a scenario that says that some data or applications
are going to be migrated from one site, then you know which tools you might want to use for that.
So let's get started with the exam crown.
First, we had the VM import export.
So this is used for migrating virtual machines from on premises environments into Amazon.
Easy, too.
You can also export the easy to instances and move them back on premises as well.
Now, there's no additional costs.
You basically pay for.
S free because you're uploading your virtual machines to us free and then easy to once you start using
AC to.
You can import Windows and Linux themes and the source platforms can be VM where ESX and also Workstation
and Microsoft type of V and such rigzin.
The process to import a virtual machine from on premises.
Too easy too is that first you export your VM to an overlay file.
Or it can be VM decays, be HD or raw.
You upload to Amazon as free and then you import to create an IBS backed EMI.
You can then create your easy to instant's from the EMI now to export.
You the easy to API tools.
You select the VM file format you require.
And then you export it to a bucket and you can download it from there.
We then had the database migration service.
This is used to migrate databases from on premises from AC to or from audience.
It supports homogeneous migration.
So Oracle to Oracle as well as heterogeneous migrations.
So something like Oracle to Amazon, Aurora, the data is continuously replicated while the application
is lives that minimizes downtime and you pay based on the compute resources used during the migration
and any log storage that might be used.
It's a fully managed migration process.
Once you start it up, it manages that process for you.
You can also use it with these schema conversion tool for converting your schemas when you're moving
from different types of databases or from one type of database to another time.
Sources that are supported include CVO, Oracle Sequel's Server, Mya's Cowell, Maria DBE Postgres
Sequel DB to El UW, SJP, Mongo DBI and Amazon Rora.
So lots of different databases there.
Most of the main databases that you're going to deal with and Target supported include Oracle, Microsoft,
Rescuable, Postgres Sequel, My School, Amazon Redshift, SAP, ISC, Amazon, Asri and Dynamo DBI.
We then have the server migration service.
So this is a service from migrating servers rather than databases.
It's agents and you can migrate on premises and cloud based themes.
So the platforms are Fiamma and High V and Microsoft Zeer.
Those are the only ones supported at the moment.
The Server Migration Service Connector is installed on your source platform and then server volumes
are replicated.
They're encrypted with tearless and they get saved as semis that you can then launch easy.
Two instances from you can use application grouping's and s.A.
Mass will launch servers then in a cloud formation stack and that uses a template that it automatically
creates for you.
You can also replicate your on premises servers for up to 90 days per server, and it provides automated
Leive incremental server application.
Next stop.
We've got Snowbowl and snowmobiles.
Remember, this is when you have large amounts of data to move into Amazon and you don't want to transfer
over a network because it's just going to take too long or it's going to saturate your links so you
can transfer hundreds of terabytes or petabytes of data.
And it goes into S3.
It uses a very secure storage device for transportation and you get a client and the client is installed
on your local computer and that identifies, compresses, encrypts and then transfers the data onto
the snowball device, which you then ship in to Amazon.
It uses 256 bit encryption and a W.S. Kamus keys, and it's a temper resistant enclosure.
So you've got two versions for Snowbowl.
You've got the 80 terabyte and the 50 terabyte.
So if you wanted to migrate a couple of hundred terabytes, you could have, you know, four of the
50 terabyte ones, for instance, and it's known as petabytes scale.
So that wording sometimes comes up in exam questions.
So just remember that.
Will snowball edge.
This is the hundred terabyte device, and that's known as being petabytes scale as well.
And but it also comes with onboard storage and compute capabilities.
So slightly different.
The snowmobile is the exabyte scales that has up to 100 petabytes per snowmobile.
So that, remember, is the truck that has a great big container on the back and it's the shipping masses
of data.
So that's snowball and snowmobile.
And then you've got data sync.
And this has a software agent that connects to on premises now.
So network attached storage devices and the NAS can use the NFL, FSL, SMB protocols.
And it was synchronized data into a W.S..
It uses scheduled and automated data transfer.
Also, we've encryption and your destination for the transfer of the data can be Amazon as free HFS
or Amazon SSX for Windows File Server.
It can apparently improve performance for data transfers up to ten times faster than with traditional
tools just based on the protocols that it uses.
And the the way that it can scale as well.
The permissions and metadata are preserved and you pay per gigabyte transferred.